focus_tree = {
	id = CSA_focus_tree
	country = {
		factor = 0
		modifier = {
			add = 20
			tag = CSA
		}
	}
	shared_focus = CSA_armed_uprising
	shared_focus = CSA_annex_TEX
}

#Focus for 武装蜂起 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_armed_uprising
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_political_pressure
	x = 3
	y = 0
	cost = 3
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 合衆国は懲り懲りだ - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_done_with_USA
	icon = GFX_goal_tfv_saf_anti_colonialist_crusade
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 15
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_armed_uprising
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_armed_uprising }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 奴隷法の再興 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_revive_the_slave_law
	icon = GFX_focus_smiling_buddha
	x = -2
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_done_with_USA
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_done_with_USA }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 強制労働所の建設 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_construct_forced_labor_camps
	icon = GFX_goal_unknown ##Unfortunately, the tool could not find your icon in the game's files
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_revive_the_slave_law
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_revive_the_slave_law }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for プランテーションを再開 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_resume_plantation
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_construction2
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_construct_forced_labor_camps
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_construct_forced_labor_camps }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 外国企業の資産を押収 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_cease_assets_of_foreign_companies
	icon = GFX_focus_eng_move_to_secure_the_dominions
	x = 2
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_done_with_USA
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_done_with_USA }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 証券取引所を破壊 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_destroy_the_stock_exchange
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_major_war
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_cease_assets_of_foreign_companies
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_cease_assets_of_foreign_companies }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 企業の国有化 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_nationalize_the_industry
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_positive_trade_relations
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_destroy_the_stock_exchange
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_destroy_the_stock_exchange }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 軍事経済 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_military_economy
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_construct_mil_factory
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_nationalize_the_industry
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_nationalize_the_industry }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for アメリカ統一に向けて - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_for_a_united_america
	icon = GFX_goal_rhineland
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_done_with_USA
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_done_with_USA }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for テキサス併合 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_annex_TEX
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_forceful_treaty
	x = 13
	y = 0
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for ブルー作戦 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_operation_blue
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_occupy_states_ongoing_war
	x = -2
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_annex_TEX
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_annex_TEX }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for レッド作戦 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_operation_red
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_territory_or_war
	x = 2
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_annex_TEX
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_annex_TEX }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 新帝国との協力 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_cooperate_with_the_new_empire
	icon = GFX_goal_tripartite_pact
	x = -2
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_operation_blue
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_operation_blue }
	mutually_exclusive = { focus = CSA_american_supremacy }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 旧領を割譲 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_annex_former_territory
	icon = GFX_goal_molotov_ribbentrop_pact
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_cooperate_with_the_new_empire
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_cooperate_with_the_new_empire }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for アメリカ至上主義 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_american_supremacy
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_demand_territory
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_operation_blue
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_operation_blue }
	mutually_exclusive = { focus = CSA_cooperate_with_the_new_empire }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 強制移住 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_forced_emigration
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_dangerous_deal
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_american_supremacy
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_american_supremacy }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 西海岸を確保 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_secure_the_west_coast
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_wolf_pack
	x = 2
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_operation_blue
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_operation_blue }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 地方自治政府を攻撃 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_attack_local_governments
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_position_armies
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_secure_the_west_coast
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_secure_the_west_coast }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 共産主義者を処刑 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_hang_the_communists
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_political_pressure
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_operation_red
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_operation_red }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 二回目の正直 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_second_times_the_charm
	icon = GFX_goal_continuous_boost_freedom
	x = 1
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_attack_local_governments
	prerequisite = { 
		focus = CSA_hang_the_communists 
	}
	prerequisite = { 
		focus = CSA_attack_local_governments 
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for アメリカ至上主義 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_american_supremacy_2
	icon = GFX_goal_rhineland
	x = -2
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_second_times_the_charm
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_second_times_the_charm }
	mutually_exclusive = { focus = CSA_todays_enemy_is_tomorrows_friend }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 雪辱を晴らす - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_make_up_for_lost_cause
	icon = GFX_focus_attack_japan
	x = -2
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_american_supremacy_2
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_american_supremacy_2 }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 皇國の崩壊を防ぐ - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_protect_the_empire_from_collapse
	icon = GFX_focus_jap_spiritual_mobilization
	x = -2
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_make_up_for_lost_cause
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_make_up_for_lost_cause }
	mutually_exclusive = { focus = CSA_abolish_the_oldest_empire }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 最古の王朝を断絶 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_abolish_the_oldest_empire
	icon = GFX_focus_jap_showa_restoration
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_make_up_for_lost_cause
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_make_up_for_lost_cause }
	mutually_exclusive = { focus = CSA_protect_the_empire_from_collapse }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 黄禍論 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_yellow_peril_theory
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_demand_territory
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_abolish_the_oldest_empire
	prerequisite = { 
		focus = CSA_abolish_the_oldest_empire 
	}
	prerequisite = { 
		focus = CSA_protect_the_empire_from_collapse 
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 支援の見返りを要求 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_demand_a_return_for_support
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_major_war
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_yellow_peril_theory
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_yellow_peril_theory }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 基本的人権は存在せず - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_there_is_no_such_thing_as_basic_human_rights
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_attack_allies
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_american_supremacy_2
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_american_supremacy_2 }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 南方生存権 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_southern_lebensraum
	icon = GFX_focus_por_recover_latin_america
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_there_is_no_such_thing_as_basic_human_rights
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_there_is_no_such_thing_as_basic_human_rights }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 奴隷法の強化 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_strengthen_the_slave_law
	icon = GFX_goal_tfv_can_forced_quebec_conscription
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_southern_lebensraum
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_southern_lebensraum }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 今日の敵は明日の味方 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_todays_enemy_is_tomorrows_friend
	icon = GFX_focus_jap_pacific_guardian
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_second_times_the_charm
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_second_times_the_charm }
	mutually_exclusive = { 
		focus = CSA_american_supremacy_2 
	}
	mutually_exclusive = { 
		focus = CSA_join_the_western_european_alliance 
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for アラスカを超えて - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_beyond_ALS
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_small_arms
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_todays_enemy_is_tomorrows_friend
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_todays_enemy_is_tomorrows_friend }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 強大なリーダーを確保 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_secure_a_strong_leader
	icon = GFX_focus_chi_collaboration_with_the_japanese
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_beyond_ALS
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_beyond_ALS }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 西欧同盟への加入 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_join_the_western_european_alliance
	icon = GFX_goal_tripartite_pact
	x = 2
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_second_times_the_charm
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_second_times_the_charm }
	mutually_exclusive = { focus = CSA_todays_enemy_is_tomorrows_friend }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 戦争ビジネス - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_the_business_of_war
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_small_arms
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_join_the_western_european_alliance
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_join_the_western_european_alliance }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 二度目のパリ会議を - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_the_second_paris_conference
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_intelligence_exchange
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_the_business_of_war
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_the_business_of_war }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for アカを撃滅 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_eliminate_the_reds
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_soviet_construction
	x = 2
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_join_the_western_european_alliance
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_join_the_western_european_alliance }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 強大なロシアを再び - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus= {
	id = CSA_make_russia_great_again
	icon = GFX_goal_unknown ##Unfortunately, the tool could not find your icon in the game's files
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = CSA_eliminate_the_reds
	prerequisite = { focus = CSA_eliminate_the_reds }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}