focus_tree = {
	id = USA_focus_tree
	country = {
		factor = 0
		modifier = {
			add = 20
			tag = USA
		}
	}
	shared_focus = USA_the_1947_special_presidential_election
}

#Focus for 1947年臨時大統領選挙
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_the_1947_special_presidential_election
	icon = GFX_focus_usa_recruit_the_free_corps
	x = 5
	y = 0
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 古の栄光 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_our_past_glory
	icon = GFX_goal_continuous_boost_freedom
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_the_1947_special_presidential_election
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_the_1947_special_presidential_election }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 国家安定法 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_national_stability_law
	icon = GFX_focus_hol_the_foundations_of_defense
	x = -2
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_our_past_glory
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_our_past_glory }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 国家治安維持法 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_national_security_law
	icon = GFX_focus_usa_honor_the_confederacy
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_national_stability_law
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_national_stability_law }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for シカゴ会議 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_the_chicago_convention
	icon = GFX_focus_generic_self_management
	x = 2
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_our_past_glory
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_our_past_glory }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 徹底抗戦 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_all_out_resistance
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_small_arms
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_the_chicago_convention
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_the_chicago_convention }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 連邦政府の復古 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_restore_the_federal_government
	icon = GFX_goal_support_democracy
	x = 0
	y = 2
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_our_past_glory
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_our_past_glory }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 復興庁を設立 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_establish_the_reconstruction_agency
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_positive_trade_relations
	x = -4
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_restore_the_federal_government
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_restore_the_federal_government }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for ワシントンを復興 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_rebuild_washington_d_c
	icon = GFX_goal_unknown ##Unfortunately, the tool could not find your icon in the game's files
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_establish_the_reconstruction_agency
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_establish_the_reconstruction_agency }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 世界の工場 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_factory_of_the_world
	icon = GFX_goal_continuous_non_factory_construct
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_rebuild_washington_d_c
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_rebuild_washington_d_c }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 第三次インディアン移住法 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_the_3rd_indian_removal_act
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_demand_territory
	x = -1
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_restore_the_federal_government
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_restore_the_federal_government }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 民間経済の復興 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_rebuild_our_civilian_economy
	icon = GFX_goal_unknown ##Unfortunately, the tool could not find your icon in the game's files
	x = 1
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_restore_the_federal_government
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_restore_the_federal_government }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 株式市場の２４時間運用 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_24_hour_stock_market_activity
	icon = GFX_focus_mex_privatisation
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_rebuild_our_civilian_economy
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_rebuild_our_civilian_economy }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 投資家を歓迎 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_welcome_the_investors
	icon = GFX_focus_spa_the_spanish_miracle
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_24_hour_stock_market_activity
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_24_hour_stock_market_activity }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 奨学金制度の拡充 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_expand_the_scholarship_system
	icon = GFX_goal_tfv_generic_tech_sharing
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_welcome_the_investors
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_welcome_the_investors }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 全体主義を禁止 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_ban_totalitarianism
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_position_armies
	x = 4
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_restore_the_federal_government
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_restore_the_federal_government }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 外交的解決 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_diplomatic_solution
	icon = GFX_goal_molotov_ribbentrop_pact
	x = -1
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_ban_totalitarianism
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_ban_totalitarianism }
	mutually_exclusive = { focus = USA_military_invasion }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 軍事侵攻 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_military_invasion
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_special_forces
	x = 1
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_ban_totalitarianism
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_ban_totalitarianism }
	mutually_exclusive = { focus = USA_diplomatic_solution }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 大陸会議 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_the_continental_congress
	icon = GFX_goal_continuous_increase_nu
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_diplomatic_solution
	prerequisite = { 
		focus = USA_diplomatic_solution 
		focus = USA_military_invasion 
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for アイルランドを保護 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_protect_IRE
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_attack_allies
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_military_invasion
	prerequisite = { 
		focus = USA_diplomatic_solution 
		focus = USA_military_invasion 
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 独立心を煽る - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_spread_the_ideal_of_independence
	icon = GFX_goal_generic_trade
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_the_continental_congress
	prerequisite = { 
		focus = USA_the_continental_congress 
		focus = USA_protect_IRE 
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for パリ会談 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_the_paris_conference
	icon = GFX_goal_molotov_ribbentrop_pact
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_protect_IRE
	prerequisite = { 
		focus = USA_the_continental_congress 
		focus = USA_protect_IRE 
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 旧宗主国の打倒 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_overthrow_our_former_master
	icon = GFX_focus_eng_unite_the_anglosphere
	x = 1
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_spread_the_ideal_of_independence
	prerequisite = { 
		focus = USA_spread_the_ideal_of_independence 
		focus = USA_the_paris_conference 
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 歴史的和解 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_historical_compromise
	icon = GFX_focus_chi_collaboration_with_the_japanese
	x = -1
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_overthrow_our_former_master
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_overthrow_our_former_master }
	mutually_exclusive = { focus = USA_crush_JAP }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 日米不干渉条約 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_JAP_non_intervention_treaty
	icon = GFX_focus_jap_pacific_guardian
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_historical_compromise
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_historical_compromise }
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 日本を粉砕 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_crush_JAP
	icon = GFX_focus_attack_japan
	x = 1
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_overthrow_our_former_master
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_overthrow_our_former_master }
	mutually_exclusive = { 
		focus = USA_historical_compromise 
	}
	mutually_exclusive = { 
		focus = USA_operation_downfall 
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for ダウンフォール作戦 - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_operation_downfall
	icon = GFX_goal_poland_goal
	x = 0
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_crush_JAP
	prerequisite = { focus = USA_crush_JAP }
	mutually_exclusive = {	focus = USA_crush_JAP	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}

#Focus for 我は不滅なり - focus ID randomly generated due to title being in non-latin characters
shared_focus = {
	id = USA_we_are_invincible
	icon = GFX_focus_usa_recruit_the_free_corps
	x = 1
	y = 1
	cost = 10
	available_if_capitulated = yes
	relative_position_id = USA_JAP_non_intervention_treaty
	prerequisite = { 
		focus = USA_JAP_non_intervention_treaty 
		focus = USA_operation_downfall 
	}
	ai_will_do = {
		factor = 1
	}
}